README.md, before:

![JitPack](https://img.shields.io/jitpack/v/github/ozgurg/ToggleIconView)

# ToggleIconView

ToggleIconView is a collection library of animated two-stage toggle icons for Android.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/master/.github/sample.gif)

## Installation

### JitPack repository

```gradle
// Project level build.gradle
allprojects {
    repositories {
        ...
        maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
    }
}
```

If the above doesn't work, try the following:

```gradle
// settings.gradle
...
dependencyResolutionManagement {
    ...
    repositories {
        ...
        maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
    }
}
...
```

### Implementation
```gradle
// App level build.gradle
dependencies {
    implementation "com.github.ozgurg:ToggleIconView:2.1.1"
}
```

## Usage

``` xml
<!-- See "Built-in icons" section for other icons -->
<og.android.lib.toggleiconview.rounded.PlayPause
    android:layout_width="24dp"
    android:layout_height="24dp" />
```

## API

ToggleIconView, uses `AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat` under the hood and extends `AppCompatImageView`. So you can do
anything you can with `AppCompatImageView`.

### Attributes

| Attribute     | Description                        | Type      | Default |
|---------------|------------------------------------|-----------|---------|
| `app:checked` | Sets the initial state of the icon | `boolean` | `false` |

### Methods

| Method                         | Description                                                 | Return    |
|--------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| `toggle()`                     | Toggles between the checked and unchecked state of the icon | `void`    |
| `isChecked()`                  | Returns whether the icon is checked                         | `boolean` |
| `setChecked(checked: Boolean)` | Sets the checked state of the icon                          | `void`    |

### Events

| Event                                                                  | Description                                        |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| `onCheckedChanged(toggleIconView: ToggleIconView, isChecked: Boolean)` | Triggers when the checked state of the icon changed |

## Built-in icons

_All icons have the same duration and interpolator, but I manually capture their previews; so timings may look different._

| Preview                                                                                                    | Package                                                                      |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/master/.github/preview/rounded/PlayPause.gif)  | [Rounded] PlayPause<br />`og.android.lib.toggleiconview.rounded.PlayPause`   |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/master/.github/preview/sharp/PlayPause.gif)    | [Sharp] PlayPause<br />`og.android.lib.toggleiconview.sharp.PlayPause`       |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/master/.github/preview/rounded/SoundOnOff.gif) | [Rounded] SoundOnOff<br />`og.android.lib.toggleiconview.rounded.SoundOnOff` |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/master/.github/preview/sharp/FlashOnOff.gif)   | [Sharp] FlashOnOff<br />`og.android.lib.toggleiconview.sharp.FlashOnOff`     |

## How I create my own icon?

### 1) Create an icon

First, you need to create an `AnimatedVectorDrawable` icon.

I highly recommend using [Shape Shifter](https://shapeshifter.design/).

After creating and exporting your icon, add the icon to your project's `drawable` folder.

### 2) Implement the icon

Just extend `ToggleIconView` class and set checked and unchecked icon you want to use.

``` kotlin
package [PACKAGE_NAME]
  
import android.content.Context  
import android.util.AttributeSet  
import og.android.lib.toggleiconview.R  
import og.android.lib.toggleiconview.ToggleIconView  
  
class [NAME_YOUR_ICON] @JvmOverloads constructor(  
    context: Context,  
    attrs: AttributeSet? = null,  
    defStyleAttr: Int = 0  
) :  
    ToggleIconView(  
        context, attrs, defStyleAttr,  
        R.drawable.[CHECKED_ICON],  
        R.drawable.[UNCHECKED_ICON]  
    )
```

Then, use it in your layout.

``` xml
<[PACKAGE_NAME].[NAME_YOUR_ICON]
    android:layout_width="24dp"
    android:layout_height="24dp" />
```

## License

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ozgurg/ToggleIconView)](https://github.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add sharp variant of SoundOnOff icon

README.md, after:

![JitPack](https://img.shields.io/jitpack/v/github/ozgurg/ToggleIconView)

# ToggleIconView

ToggleIconView is a collection library of animated two-stage toggle icons for Android.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/master/.github/sample.gif)

## Installation

### JitPack repository

```gradle
// Project level build.gradle
allprojects {
    repositories {
        ...
        maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
    }
}
```

If the above doesn't work, try the following:

```gradle
// settings.gradle
...
dependencyResolutionManagement {
    ...
    repositories {
        ...
        maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
    }
}
...
```

### Implementation
```gradle
// App level build.gradle
dependencies {
    implementation "com.github.ozgurg:ToggleIconView:2.1.1"
}
```

## Usage

``` xml
<!-- See "Built-in icons" section for other icons -->
<og.android.lib.toggleiconview.rounded.PlayPause
    android:layout_width="24dp"
    android:layout_height="24dp" />
```

## API

ToggleIconView, uses `AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat` under the hood and extends `AppCompatImageView`. So you can do
anything you can with `AppCompatImageView`.

### Attributes

| Attribute     | Description                        | Type      | Default |
|---------------|------------------------------------|-----------|---------|
| `app:checked` | Sets the initial state of the icon | `boolean` | `false` |

### Methods

| Method                         | Description                                                 | Return    |
|--------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| `toggle()`                     | Toggles between the checked and unchecked state of the icon | `void`    |
| `isChecked()`                  | Returns whether the icon is checked                         | `boolean` |
| `setChecked(checked: Boolean)` | Sets the checked state of the icon                          | `void`    |

### Events

| Event                                                                  | Description                                        |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| `onCheckedChanged(toggleIconView: ToggleIconView, isChecked: Boolean)` | Triggers when the checked state of the icon changed |

## Built-in icons

_All icons have the same duration and interpolator, but I manually capture their previews; so timings may look different._

| Preview                                                                                                    | Package                                                                      |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/master/.github/preview/rounded/PlayPause.gif)  | [Rounded] PlayPause<br />`og.android.lib.toggleiconview.rounded.PlayPause`   |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/master/.github/preview/sharp/PlayPause.gif)    | [Sharp] PlayPause<br />`og.android.lib.toggleiconview.sharp.PlayPause`       |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/master/.github/preview/rounded/SoundOnOff.gif) | [Rounded] SoundOnOff<br />`og.android.lib.toggleiconview.rounded.SoundOnOff` |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/master/.github/preview/sharp/SoundOnOff.gif) | [Sharp] SoundOnOff<br />`og.android.lib.toggleiconview.sharp.SoundOnOff` |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/master/.github/preview/sharp/FlashOnOff.gif)   | [Sharp] FlashOnOff<br />`og.android.lib.toggleiconview.sharp.FlashOnOff`     |

## How I create my own icon?

### 1) Create an icon

First, you need to create an `AnimatedVectorDrawable` icon.

I highly recommend using [Shape Shifter](https://shapeshifter.design/).

After creating and exporting your icon, add the icon to your project's `drawable` folder.

### 2) Implement the icon

Just extend `ToggleIconView` class and set checked and unchecked icon you want to use.

``` kotlin
package [PACKAGE_NAME]
  
import android.content.Context  
import android.util.AttributeSet  
import og.android.lib.toggleiconview.R  
import og.android.lib.toggleiconview.ToggleIconView  
  
class [NAME_YOUR_ICON] @JvmOverloads constructor(  
    context: Context,  
    attrs: AttributeSet? = null,  
    defStyleAttr: Int = 0  
) :  
    ToggleIconView(  
        context, attrs, defStyleAttr,  
        R.drawable.[CHECKED_ICON],  
        R.drawable.[UNCHECKED_ICON]  
    )
```

Then, use it in your layout.

``` xml
<[PACKAGE_NAME].[NAME_YOUR_ICON]
    android:layout_width="24dp"
    android:layout_height="24dp" />
```

## License

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ozgurg/ToggleIconView)](https://github.com/ozgurg/ToggleIconView/blob/main/LICENSE)
